Wrong name new mapset (#5579)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/grass_integration/grass_integration.rst

===================================

* Copying maps: GRASS maps may be copied between mapsets within the same location using drag and drop.

> * Deleting maps: Right click on a GRASS map and select :guilabel:`Delete` from contextmenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deleting maps: Right click on a GRASS map and select :guilabel:`Delete` from context menu.
```
